Hi, Darming. Did you have a good day yesterday?
Yes, I went to the museum. Have you ever been there?
Yes, but I haven't been there for a long time.
I thought it was really good, especially the technology room.
They've opened a new room now, the Wonder Room, and it's even better.
What's it about?
It's about the wonders of the world, ancient as well as modern.
I spent a long time there because there's so much information about the world.
After that, I went to the technology room, and then upstairs to the print room.
Is that all about the history of printing?
Yes, it is. And next to that is the space room.
It's also very good, and it's about space travel.
I bet you went to the restaurants after that.
Of course. And then I went back upstairs to have a look at the library on the top floor.
But before I left the museum, I went into the shop and bought you this.
It's a book about the history of the Olympic Games in ancient Greece.
Thanks, darming. That's really kind of you.
You know I'm interested in the story of the Olympics.
Well, you should go and visit the museum then, and find out even more about it.